Is it the cherry blossoms without the slack of the pine tree?
Since it is a corps or a
sculpture corps black, I will propose from Elvin Smith, the leader of the 13 investigation corps after leaving as much
information as possible.  Defeated by Captain Levi
On top of that, the loan for the damage investigation is data.
The current people are the
investigation corps special creation group Petral
Orobozad.
I was killed even if I wanted to welcome the giant
. It seems that two of them were killed at the same time before dawn
. When I noticed, it was
far away with three-dimensional maneuvering.
Ask yourself if
you can devote your heart to humanity Welcome what is here as a new investigative corps
Dedicate your heart
May issue
lb Smith's investigative corps is
the secret of the giant
[Applause]
[Music]
On the other hand, advanced 2
Show your achievements, and
the support of the Labor car defense version is up to the city center.
I want a super-large event
car
tan
I don't want to run a horse anyway, I can't live in a hedging company
Well  It's impossible to stop the guy I'm distracted by the aluminum
Ah ah ah ah
def
[Music]
So I'll leave this guy If it's not a cannibal, I won't chase us.
Invade the guards of the escort clan.
Our left and right ends are blocked by the guards and we have no choice but to go around
it.  I've run out I
can choose as much as I can.
Do you believe in yourself? I believe in the
investigative military police organization, so maybe
self-injury isn't the only trigger,
and there's no purpose.  Maybe it ’s
me. Believe us. There ’s
one reason why you ca n’t trust this giant at once.
Ability to follow with quality skin assuming that the Information Center came in when the Giants were destroyed
[Music]
amaran
No way
, if you don't feed the giant yourself and increase the information
The one who was in the female type,
what kind of child are we wearing now
? I was watching the giantization of the spirits in the place where we were mixed in with the soldiers.
Ellen, who kills the female giant with Tachisan's technique,
believes in the power of can as it is,
and believes in the selection of a reliable companion
.  I want to heal quickly
[Music]
Ah ah ah
me
Yeah
yeah yeah yeah everyone died because I made a mistake
yeah
4 t
[music]
Ellen is
alive
Ellen puts all hope for next season
He's a forest  Yeah yeah
yeah
ana ana I'm alive I'm alive
[music] I
have
4 days I have 4 days
Eh, the person in charge including the flight is called to Auto and at the same time
Ellen's  It was decided to hand it over.
Didn't you know? The
giant kid and the main executives were summoned to Auto. The
5th layer itself is the work of the Constitutional Corps headquarters, so we miss the Annie spirit only while passing through this town.
I wonder if you can cooperate with me. If you keep it
like this, your clothes will be killed.
After that, Kagemusha-chan
should be bald.
Hurry up-
female giant I found a person who seems to be a female giant
This time I definitely caught the
goal I belong to the Constitutional Corps
I can't be a giant
yet I'm not hesitant to fight my brother
tar
Next, I'll help you 0
[Music]
le
I've been to Chan before I
can't throw anything away I
can't change
anything I believe it's really for the sake of humanity
lb Your execution is  Let's decide and protect with a proper judgment
Ah ah funny car Yeah yeah yeah
it's a straight line I'm
looking at you
ran
Ibuki no ame
ni
me
car
Tired
ano hito ni
Falling
tee
You're going to be resented
. Only party member qualifications are on your side.
What's wrong? Ah ah ah,
the second one won't get approval
.
If I couldn't get any information from my brother
as it was, if I had a target star in the middle,
why didn't I ask for the cooperation of the military police, because I
had to do it only with something that could prove innocence.
Compared to the time when I hadn't even imagined that 100 humans would become giants,
it's a big spirit to detain one of the enemies
. Now it's our turn to advance.
Management of crawling on a brother who was housed deep underground
[Music]